party their internet people that's bogan
I thought we were done with the gun gun
control conversation but I guess not
we've got a whole bunch of comments in
the comment section that have questions
and I got some PM to me some of them are
really important today we're going to
talk about gun control guns and race
because the two questions I got they're
in direct contradiction contradiction to
each other and they show exactly how
muddled this conversation has gotten
because of talking points the first
question was is it true that most Second
Amendment supporters are racists oh no
oh no no no I'm sure that from the
outside looking in the gun community
looks like one group of people I mean
let's be honest we all pretty much look
the same there's a clear divide within
the gun community you have Second
Amendment supporters real Second
Amendment supporters and you have gun
nuts or firearm enthusiasts whatever you
want to call a Second Amendment
supporter wants minorities to have
firearms in fact they have outreach
programs for that purpose the intent of
the Second Amendment is to strike back
against government tyranny if you
understand that odds are you understand
that historically when a government
becomes tyrannical it goes after
marginalized and minority groups first
so a Second Amendment supporter is very
avid in their push to armed minorities
now at the same time Second Amendment
supporters are not known for being
diplomatic they say things at times that
are
let's just say not tactful things like
armed gays don't get bashed and when you
hear that you're like man what what is
wrong with this guy
what he's hoping to do is jar you into
into buying a firearm I mean it may
sound bigoted but it's coming from a
good place from where he's standing he's
hoping that you're going to arm
yourselves so nothing bad happens to you
it may not always come off that way
Second Amendment supporters are more
violent in their rhetoric in fact I this
is a good one because it's violent
rhetoric and it deals with race I caught
a 30-day ban on Facebook because I
shared a picture the picture when you
look at it it's a black-and-white photo
of a bunch of white folk at a picnic
that's what it looks like if you just
glance at it the caption says why do you
need a 30-round magazine and the people
at the picnic are numbered one through
thirty it sounds crazy
until you realize that's not a picnic
it's a lynching you can see the feet
hanging in a tree and they're all
looking at the camera smiling that is a
very popular image within the Second
Amendment community not so much within
the gun nut community there's a
difference in philosophy the Second
Amendment crowd wants to decentralize
power they want if everybody's armed it
breaks up the government's monopoly on
violence it they understand that the
Second Amendment came into play to get
the civil rights act passed the gun nut
community is more about might makes
right there they're more about keeping
that power for their in-group you don't
hear a lot about gun nut groups opposing
legislation that is targeting minorities
you do from the Second Amendment crowd
and we'll get into that but first I want
to give someone that isn't within that
community a quick way to tell the
difference between the two there's a
program ran by the Department of Defense
called the Civilian Marksmanship program
they give they put surplus firearms out
on the market pretty cheaply okay I
think the Army should give those surplus
firearms to citizens gun nuts and Second
Amendment supporters the like could be
like yeah and start with low-income
families
Second Amendment supporters yeah gun
nuts whoa whoa hang on now a minute
let's just let's think about this don't
you think that'll make the gang problem
worse they will find a way to tactfully
remind you that you'd be arming
minorities that sentence has never let
me down I've been using it for years and
people help themselves very quickly when
you say that when you're walking into a
gun store you can even see it with it
just you can even see that divided there
there are a lot of gun stores that
provide free training to minority groups
or marginalized groups
those are Second Amendment gun stores
you can walk into other ones and see the
rebel flag hanging those are gun nuts
there is a huge difference now the other
question I got was is gun control loci
racist no in some cases it's very racist
in some cases it's unintentionally
racist and in some cases it's not racist
at all a good example of the
unintentionally racist is the the push
to have firearms insured okay it doesn't
seem like it would be racist
the idea behind in case you don't know
is that if insurance companies insured
firearms they would keep track of their
client with if their client started
showing signs of becoming an active
shooter they'd revoke his insurance
therefore he can't have a firearm
anymore
makes sense but let's look at a wider
implication to it who can't afford the
insurance low-income families right
who's gonna be disproportionately
affected by that pretty quick starts
starts to come into focus yeah dad
that's who's gonna lose out it's going
to disproportionately affect minority
groups and again from a second amendment
standpoint we want them to have firearms
more than just about anybody who needs
it more from a second amendment
standpoint the black guy in the
working-class neighborhood or the white
dentist in a gated subdivision
now one that was very racist was there
was a push to ban light pistols and by
light I mean their weight how much they
weighed now it doesn't sound racist
doesn't seem to make sense but it
doesn't sound racist here's the thing
light pistols are made with less
expensive metal okay so they're cheaper
they're cheaper
we call them Saturday night specials
back in the day I don't know if that
term still around but basically these
things are pretty much exclusively
bought by minorities in urban areas you
know if you're if you're poor white folk
you're probably gonna buy cheap shotgun
that this is that it was very targeted
towards a very specific demographic of
people second amendment crowd lost their
minds ray raised a huge tank it got
defeated he didn't hear much from the
gun nuts though they didn't really
oppose it because it wasn't targeting
their in-group it wasn't targeting the
people they want to have power now
historically gun control has had a
racial component I don't think that it
is as big a problem today as it used to
be and I think that part of that is
because the Second Amendment crowd has
done a good job of pointing it out any
time it comes up they're very quick to
say so you just want to take guns away
from these people and no there are very
few congressmen and Senators today that
are willing to take that kind of heat
and and to give you a good example of
how the gun nut crowd will even idolize
somebody who has supported gun control
if it's targeting minorities is Ronald
Reagan
you know he's seen as like mister NRA
maybe look at some of the gun control he
signed because it it was directly
influenced because of the civil rights
movement and so there is a marked
difference like I said I don't think
that I don't think supporters of gun
control today have that racial bias
necessarily I think that they haven't
thought about it I don't think they've
ever I don't think I've ever really put
it in that in that view they're they're
looking at it from a very different lens
so they don't see it like that and a lot
of them you had to understand a lot of
them have no idea that the intent of the
Second Amendment maybe not when it was
written because it didn't apply to them
but it's two armed minority groups you
know when it was written it was more
about ideological minorities as we
include more and more people in
America's blanket of freedom it today it
is more important for a racial minority
to be armed than just about anybody else
the Second Amendment is there to protect
them it's supposed to be it you know
there's that there's that poem you know
first they came for the Jews I didn't
say anything cuz I wasn't a Jew and goes
on and on Second Amendment supporters
want to make sure that if the government
ever comes from minorities in the US
nobody has to say anything because it's
gonna get so loud everybody's gonna know
so there there's a primer on race guns
and gun control now there's a whole lot
more to this and there are there is a
very sharp historical trend with with
gun control and racism I don't I don't
see it as much today
I really don't maybe I'm just not
looking at it through the right lens but
most of what I see today even when it
does have a racial component to it most
times it seems to be very unintentional
and it seems to be people not realizing
what it's going to do and then ya know
Second Amendment supporters believe me
even when they're saying something rude
they're doing it with the intent of
getting you to buy a gun so not not the
not not the actions of the Klansmen
y'all have a good day